Release version 1.0.1 (#43)
10up/insert-special-characters: readme.txt

== Changelog ==

= 1.0.1 =
Added
* Documentation for keyboard shortcut (props [@mrwweb](https://profiles.wordpress.org/mrwweb/), [@jeffpaul](https://profiles.wordpress.org/jeffpaul/))

Fixed

> * Firefox popover closing immediately after opening the first time (props [@adamsilverstein](https://profiles.wordpress.org/adamsilverstein/))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Ensure character map appears as expected in Firefox (props [@adamsilverstein](https://profiles.wordpress.org/adamsilverstein/))
```
